Mr. Gu
I didn't mean that.
He's the CEO.
Female employees like him who work with children
I've seen a lot.
The promise is good
Must have made a mistake
Sooner or later, it will cause trouble for the company.
Then wait until they make mistakes before criticizing
Default errors when there are no mistakes
That's called prejudice.
The needs of Yulin employees were not taken into account
It's a company job
Master Chen
Within a month
I want to see employees built within the company Torso
Yes
So good
Uncle Gu, please drink water
Uncle Gu
Is the employee nursery free?
You won't charge my mother extra money, will you?
Oops son what nonsense are you talking about
Look at Uncle Gu's face
It has two big characters written on it.
Why are you taking our money indiscriminately again?
Instead of staying for another shot?
Why don't you prepare the meeting materials for the afternoon?
Ah!
Sorry Mr. Gu
I didn't know you were here.
I'll throw the flowers away
Mr. Gu
Are you allergic to lilies like my son?